As expected of Tianyuan's unique secret
Really amazing
You are amazing
It's not time to seal a stick of incense yet
Jiang Yinfeng
You not only understand the calamity of the method of vomiting
It can be sublimated on its basis
As you and I agreed
I will take you as my disciple
Great, great.
Xiao Yifeng, hurry up and apprentice
Did he say he wanted the elder of Bailingu?
What are you so happy about?
If you enter my door
Learned my unique secret
You can get three hundred years of skill
What, am I wrong?
Three hundred years, you still have the nerve to say that you wrote my secret method
Two hundred years to occupy the road
It still depends on how he learns
The elder in Xiao Yunfeng is my master
With him as our teacher, we can be together
Promise me!
Why worship your master?
It was obviously given by my master.
The lovelorn master is more powerful
What ability does your master have for a broken one?
Don't slander my master
My master is better than your master
What kind of decency does the master force you to achieve?
My master is better
You two are fine
Junior sister should not be rude
Bailian stop
Xiao Yingfeng, how are you thinking?
Shadow Wind, you can choose for yourself.
The head is not here, I have the final say
Come to my door
Ling Nian staff and two elders are illegal
But not what I need
I heard about the good practice of medicine by Elder Linggu
I am righteous
Is it true about the elder of Bailinggu?
Did I hear it right?
You have to think about it
I can't even cultivate immortals, remove demons and reduce demons
Master
Please accept the worship of your disciple.